At the component level,
you must select the option add component.
A side panel of available Adapt components
appears on the right of the screen.
Select or type to search from
the list of available components.
For this exercise,
search for the text component.
Select the text component.
There are three buttons that will appear.
Add to left add full.
Add to right.
Select the button labeled,
add full.
A full width text component is added to the page.
You can now create the content
for the component.
On the component card,
select the gearwheel button labeled
click to edit and choose Edit from the options.
This opens the component settings menu
In the field labeled title,
enter a new component title.
Written content is added to the
box labeled body.
To copy and paste content from another source,
select the button labeled
paste as plain text in the toolbar.
This opens the paste as plain text dialog box.
Paste the copied content into the box.
Select the button labeled OK.
Apply the original formatting
using the toolbar in the body.
Select the green button labeled
save located at the top left
of the screen in the sidebar.
When you select the save button,
Adapt will automatically save
your component title and con.